Okay, this time you barely passed the test
How do you explain what happened 5 years ago?
Can't explain
The evidence has been destroyed as permission
Then it's useless for you to say so much
We're not getting kicked out of the country.
It's the third master
Get him out of the house now
Stop talking nonsense with him
Although I have no evidence of this
But I have the honor of acquitting
Third Master
How can I get this certificate?
True or False
The third master will know if he takes a look.
Third Master
What's the use of this acquittal certificate?
How come I've never heard of it?
Of course it's amazing.
All prisoners who do their best
They will investigate for themselves
Imprison if guilty
If it is confirmed that it is wrong
Release
What? Why would they do that?
Because of the honor of having the most powerful in the world
Form and crime experts
They don't believe in outside judgment
Since you have Sorong Yu's acquittal certificate
Then naturally he will no longer take responsibility for this matter.
Let's go, don't worry, third master
When Soryu was investigating me
I also found out the real murderer by the way
Does the third master want to see it?